Update geosearch.mdx (#2575)
meilisearch/documentation: learn/fine_tuning_results/geosearch.mdx

Using `_geoRadius` filter will not cause results to include `_geoDistance`.

> `_geoDistance` will only be computed in a returned document if the query uses `_geoPoint` and the `sort` search parameter.
> `_geo` must be configured as a [`displayedAttribute`](learn/configuration/displayed_searchable_attributes) to see `_geoDistance`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`_geoDistance` will only be computed in a returned document if the query uses `_geoPoint` and the `sort` search parameter. Additionally, returned documents will only include `_geoDistance` if `_geo` is present in the [`displayedAttributes` list](learn/configuration/displayed_searchable_attributes).
```
